patch improvements (#52)
postfinance/topf: docs/commands/upgrade.md

## Installer Image

The target image for each node comes from the `machine.install.image` field in the assembled node configuration.

> ### Using `talosVersion` and `schematicId` (recommended)

Reviewer: Should we move this above the installer image section because it's recommended?

Also, in the installer image patch, I would specify that it will overwrite whatever you set in topf.yaml.

> Set `talosVersion` and optionally `schematicId` in `topf.yaml`. Topf will automatically generate a least-precedence installer image patch for all nodes:

Reviewer 2: Does `machine.install.image` have a default value? From this description, I would assume that I don't have to specify either field.

```suggestion
To override the installer image for the entire cluster, set `talosVersion` and optionally `schematicId` in `topf.yaml`. Topf will automatically generate a new cluster-level patch:
```

The comment on precedence seems redundant since you clarify right after that you can override with a node-level patch.

Author: when you use talosctl directly, it does yes. the default being with schematicID=3765... and version identical to that of talosctl.

Author: regarding precedence I still wanted to make it extra clear that this patch can be overriden.
